Add information about Rider support (#224)
AvaloniaUI/avaloniaui.net: src/AvaloniaUI.Net/wwwroot/docs/quickstart/create-new-project.md

Title: Creating a new Avalonia Project
Order: 0
---
## JetBrains Rider

> The [JetBrains Rider](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/) IDE has inbuilt support for Avalonia XAML [starting in 2020.2](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/whatsnew/#avalonia-support) including first-class support for Avalonia-specific XAML features and custom code inspections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [JetBrains Rider](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/) IDE has built-in support for Avalonia XAML [starting in 2020.3](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/whatsnew/2020-3/#version-2020-3-avalonia-support) including first-class support for Avalonia-specific XAML features and custom code inspections.
```
